we're no strangers to
you know the rules and so
hey guys what's up time for more battles
and i'm using my ma no ground trick room
team so this guy has I like his
Mamoswine I like his tangrowth I like
his whale warden I like his rapidash um
Magnezone is okay but I don't like
fighting crow bats anyway um this time I
don't know if marowak has really ever
gotten too much decent action but this
time he really does I mean he's pretty
much the savior of this whole battle
just because of one move he just happens
to have on his moveset but anyway uh
just warning you again since it's the
same day as the other two very very
laggy you know it's the same days the
other four battles i should say um
really laggy very sorry but yeah if I if
I ever go like oh just hurry up already
it's I just it's late here and I'm just
getting lazy with the editing because I
want to get this all done tonight
because I got some stuffs I got to do
tomorrow but anyway um and I go for
trick room and swords dance it goes for
ice beam I don't know it's really still
surprising for me to see a mammoth a
special Mamoswine but uh ice beam hits
doesn't do even half to play doll energy
ball hits marowak brings me down to my
focus sash swords dance goes up and then
a claydol thankfully gets up the trick
room right now yay claydol games with
the trick room because he's cool I guess
ah I've never really been too much of a
fan of clay dog marowak and San slasher
by far my favorite ones on here it's
marowak's and / then dawn fan and go
woman than the other two anyway a cut
there um gopher explosion geez man i i i
got lazy at the editing I'm sorry anyway
go for explosion just because you know I
want to get some damage out there I just
need to get clay doll out of the way so
I can get one of my good attackers out
here anyway gopher protect with marowak
you know because I don't want him to die
because he is very valuable at this
point what with his swords dance up and
everything somero Act protects itself 10
growth goes for an energy ball he out
slowed me and I just barely survived the
only reason why I lived through that was
because of leftovers actually that's the
only way I lived through that anyway
explosion goes off does okay damage to
Mamoswine but does nothing to tangrowth
to be as expected you know anyway
Mamoswine goes for another ice beam and
you know marijuana itself and then
that's about it anyway um next out comes
a sand trap the hip out on even though
it looks like I'm going for Gollum I go
for him I pout on because I need ice
fang out on that uh tangrowth so anyway
outcome sand trap and I you know I also
want to have my sand storm damage up
because that's always helpful anyway um
with sand trap I just go on ahead and
get ice fang ready to go on tangrowth
because you know that's I need to get
that tangrowth out of the way all these
guys except for clay doll our physical
attackers and he's a very good physical
wall and I can't deal with him right now
so I just need to get him out of the way
as fast as possible so anyway if this
lag would stop lagging so bad um I would
go on ahead with a boot up boond
meringue a bone meringue and hit
Mamoswine with it so bone meringue mrs.
he had ten percent accuracy and i
freakin miss and then ice fang
thankfully goes off i was expecting that
to miss right then because you know
boomerang anyway doesn't take it out
which was really annoying but oh well
anyway tangrowth screws for an energy
ball now this really confused me look at
this okay energy ball yeah they did a
lot of damage then ice beam why is
madison want I mean why is he bowed on
so very threatening I mean jeez that
kind of confused me I mean you'd think
you'd want to go for the swords dance
pokemon but okay I guess I can't really
make you so I'll take it anyway
sandstorm damages tangrowth ray and then
out comes TNT the golem I love that
nickname on golem because if it was for
in a friend battle it would kind of just
throw you off it's like oh crap he's
just gonna blow up in my face when
actually he doesn't even pack explosion
all he's got his fire punch rockslide
protect I mean in earthquake so anyway I
go for a fire punch on tangrowth cut
there and then I go for a bone meringue
on Mamoswine once again I just need to
get the tank growth out of the way and
well technically I need to get both of
them out of the way but you know the
tank growth takes priority so anyway
fire punch yay for waddling and for
ponch and he's dead sweet anyway
tangrowth goes down to the epic waddling
of Gollum and then his pathetic
attempted punching something and I take
damage for my life orb and then bone
rank finally hits and kaboom and oh yeah
it's like a hammer it's like a Boomer
Abu drank um it's a boomerang bro you
know from Paper Mario 2 out of their
boomerang bros and other Mario games I
don't even remember I've never heard of
any outside of paper mario but anyway um
out comes the dreaded whale ward you
know because of water spout and then it
comes um Magnezone now this magnezone is
the dumbest magnezone ever you're going
to see in just a little bit why this is
the stupidest magnezone in the world
anyway i go on ahead with a rockslide
with Gollum because i need to get i need
to get some extra damage on a whale ward
because i don't trust my walk even with
swords dance so go for rock slide kaboom
and then do some damage to both of them
which is good I needed to hit both of
them and then
I go with a thunderpunch on way award
because I know that that will hopefully
kill it and bam down it goes good ol
Swords Dance um you know marowak marowak
is just cool I walk marowak he's so
awesome it's one of my favorite Pokemon
ever anyway I got a lucky flinch with a
magnezone so that was nice the trick
room goes down the same storm is still
going blah blah blah anyway at this
point I was like okay what should I do
here should i go for fire punch or what
so i go with a fire punch to begin with
and that's like you know what actually
since golem always goes first that means
he's the slowest so i'll go with an
earthquake and then a bone rang just in
case bone ranked mrs. i'll make sure to
hit it with earthquake and right then I
was like oh crap no I didn't mean to do
thunderpunch I accidentally hit Thunder
punch and that would have really sucked
but anyway um go the bone rang of course
just take a little bit of time because
of this dumb lag and ash this lag is
totally ash anyway Magnezone goes for
discharge don't ask me why but it went
for discharge ah that's one of the
dumbest moves I've ever seen to be
honest yeah I mean you see what the 4th
generation has done to people it's like
alienated all these newer all these
newcomers it's like oh man I'm totally
gonna hit you with this move I'm going
to hit a grand pull with shadow for
cirno marowak with Thunderbolt it's like
wait what type is he again you know I
mean is they just ruined everything
anyway see ya